Not bad. Not bad.
This time, you can be considered to have completely eradicated the grass and roots
It's time to send you back
Keep out the cold
Can Senior Sister go back too?
You have changed the course of the world
No casualties except for the devil himself
But Ancestor changed the past
Doesn't it change the cause and effect later?
The world has its own destiny
Everything that should come will come
People who should know will know
You don't have to worry about that.
It's a pity that after I awakened the strength of my body
Life expectancy is less than three days
And then what happened?
I don't think so.
fool
You forgot about cutting your finger
Is this
At that time, half of my soul was still sealed in that bead
Although I can't communicate with you
But I was conscious.
You forgot that I was born with phoenix blood
Can purify any strange poison in the world
Then say so boy
so
Did you get a big bargain?
I tried my best to cut your finger
Just to cleanse your loneliness
Go ahead. Why thank me?
Then I will accompany you for the rest of my life, hahahaha.
The old man is no longer a light bulb here
If you are destined to be in the immortal class
Remember to treat the old man to a jar of good wine
Hahahaha
Yingfeng brother
Hey big brother
This kid is up again
Why did you wake up again?
It's you two again